for my 23rd birthday my parents got me a
pretty momentous present they got me a
briefcase and this any briefcase mind
you I've been shopping around for
several months and I finally settle on
this one this is a medium essen
briefcase from Saddleback Leather and I
chose this bag for a number of reasons
first of all it is made from 100% full
grain leather which is the highest
quality leather that you can buy it is
threaded with monofilament marine grade
thread and it has rivets at all the
stress points is the beautiful bag and
it is just built like a tank
and one thing that Saddleback does that
I don't know of any other company that
does they have lifetime warranties but
Saddleback has a hundred year warranty
their motto is that they'll fight over
it when you're dead and they will
definitely be prying this bag from my
cold dead hands so I want to give you
guys just a brief run-through of it and
show you the ins and outs of it
the bag is 15 inches wide which
comfortably and sadly fits a 15.6 inch
wide laptop which is what I have and I
want to show you what you could fit
inside it being what the inside looks
like and some of the different features
it has besides this gorgeous look
amazing smell and incredible durability
so I have it here just been regular
notebook and the tablet and then this is
you can see that superest compartment
here it comes to this strap-on which you
can hang keys or whatever gets stuck in
your bag and falls down to the bottom
never to be seen again and you have a
pocket here and then two pockets or one
pocket on either side of the bag in
which you can put pens or whatever
talking about the durability earlier
test bag is lined with pigskin leather
which is the second toughest leather on
the face of the planet
second only to kangaroo and then of
course the other compartment
I have snugly tucked away my laptop so
there's that then there's the other
compartment nice and roomy line with
pigskin and smells amazing it's just a
great looking bag it's well made its
wealth ready it's well thought out well
planned and it has a neat little feature
that I quite enjoy even though I don't
know if I'll ever use it this briefcase
as good as it looks
slung over your shoulder it can be
converted into a backpack and the reason
why that's good because you're at an
airport and you're getting on a plane
don't want a bag like flopping around
and smacking every lady in the face so
let that kind of secure it on yourself
so what should you you should take the
strap and you make a loop and you run it
through this central ring here and
simply pull it through the sling pull
the straps through
like that and cinch it down and then
hook these straps
mostly be body earrings a lot of people
seem to have an issue with the D rings
for some reason they don't bother me at
all it's just more places where I can
hook stuff on to it's it doesn't bug me
that much but you can't get them without
the D rings so if they do bother you
then I don't recommend this bag that's
the biggest problem you go through today
okay so then you throw the orange
briefcase on your back with us I've got
two shoulder pads comes to that strap
again full grain leather monofilament
thread ribbon adult stress points looks
amazing feels amazing smelled amazing is
amazing cannot recommend this bag
strongly enough below the video there is
a link to their website linked to this
specific product and to surf around
their website you can they even have a
list of all of their competitors they
want you to shop around they want you to
check out other options I sit along this
one because I like the way they do
business
I like their products and I'm thoroughly
satisfied hope this helps hope you guys
enjoyed it have a good one